   Animals I Have Known      A pictorial tour of some of the animals   (and people) in my life   These are the first scans of these images.  Soon, I'll be coming back to  clean them up and make them a bit smaller so that all the poor people like me who only have SLIP connections don't have to spend so long waiting for the pictures come in.      I know it's just a boring, cliche`, dog picture to the rest of you but to my brother and I, this dog had so much character I had to put him in.  Sadly, Kodiak is no longer with us.      In this picture, we see my first dog, Patches, being very patient with my younger brother, Jason.  Jason is the one on the right and yes, that is a banana peel on the dog's head.      This is a goat we met in Amsterdam.  No other goats to be found. No other animals of any kind.  We weren't on a farm; in fact, we  were just on our way to a tulip nursery.  Apparently, goats just roam free on the outskirts of Amsterdam.  Who says travel isn't broadening?      Of course every university seems to have animals or statues of some sort that yell/roar/ring/etc. when freshmen/virgins/coeds/etc.  walk by.  At   Purdue University , these are the lions that roar when virgins go by.  Of course, to alums the most enduring symbol of the University was the old smokestack which was torn down the year after I graduated.  I don't have any pictures of the smokestack so the lions will have to do in its absence.      I met this goose while I was working at   Argonne National Labs .  Argonne is on a nature preserve and is very picturesque.  Known more to the outside residents for its unique herd of albino deer and to the interns for its  Evil and Agressive Swans , the only pictures I seem to have are of the geese.  Go figure!      People are some of my favorite animals.  The original of this photo just might be my favorite out of all those I've ever taken.  I caught these kids at a swim meet in Greenwood, IN.  I was coaching at the time but during the break between the morning and afternoon sessions the  pool was mostly deserted and I was able to take a few pics of these  girls in natural, childlike play.     